I'm going to show you how to make and
receive free calls on your iPad via
Wi-Fi or 3G and this works on your iPad
Wi-Fi or 3G by using the application
whistle this application is free on the
App Store all you need to do is create
an account the account is completely
free once you create the account you
will receive an email with some
information such as your phone number
this phone number will be used when you
make and receive your call so let's go
ahead and check it out this again it's
called whistle and it's available on the
App Store for free so as you guys can
see I'm just gonna cover my number right
there we have some options at the top
reasons so a recent right here you have
your recent calls you have contacts so
if you have contacts on your iPad they
will show up right here and then you
have some account information over here
account and then about then you have
right here conference line 1 line 2 you
can make three-way calls so you have
mute hold clear your dial pad and redial
and dial ok so let's go ahead and make a
call right here I'm gonna just dial
number that I have here and I am making
a call
hello this is the iPad carry so as you
guys can see I made an outgoing call now
let's test an incoming call
so I've exited the application now I am
going to call the iPad number and as you
guys can see my iPad is ringing so I'm
gonna click to an hour's answer and as
you can see we've got an incoming call
so now we just ended and that's about it
so as you guys can see that's pretty
simple it's definitely better than Skype
you can also do international calling
for an extra fee so once again this has
been the tutorial on the application
whistle for the iPad and showing you how
to make incoming calls and outgoing
calls using your iPad via Wi-Fi or 3G
completely free so if you enjoyed this
video make sure you click down below or
to the side you never know where it is
and subscribe thank you guys for
watching and have a good one